<h1>Functional requirement `#`2000`-`002`-`002. Open homepage</h1>
<p><em>User requirement [UR2000002 #2000-002]</em></p>
<p>Homepage, which corresponds to role of user, opens automatically after user successfully logged in. This page and any other page, which is available to authorized user, have to contain main menu. Main menu is to be created according following rules.</p>
<ol>
<li>Each role has list of available menu items (see corresponding functional requirements for each role).</li>
<li>Each menu item can be simple item or complex item with drop-down submenu.</li>
<li>Complex item can contain only simple items. It is impossible to use submenu items of third level or higher.</li>
<li>Each simple menu item has name and URL of corresponding page.</li>
<li>Each drop-down menu item has name and list of child items.</li>
<li>Each user has list of roles, which is sorted by role. Order of roles for sorting is following:
<ul>
<li>manager,</li>
<li>team leader,</li>
<li>developer,</li>
<li>analyst,</li>
<li>administrator.</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Menu items for each role combine in one list, except duplicates of the identical menu items for different roles.</li>
<li>Into the end of list of menu items new complex menu item is added. This complex menu item has name matching with user name and contains two simple menu items. First item is «Profile». Second item is «Logout».</li>
</ol>
<p>Homepage for each user is a page which corresponds to first simple menu item from main menu of this user.</p>